“White Tears“ Queen Bey’s new single, erupts out of your iPhone 12, waking you up.  It’s a Tuesday morning in the middle of March.  Normally you wouldn’t get up this early.   Your high school is a DAO, a Decentralized Autonomous Organization, and so you take all your classes online in different time zones, (obviously you scheduled them all in what would be your afternoon).  But today you have an appointment with the feds. 

You pick up your phone and open Pangaea.  Pangaea is like the app store for government services.  Your parents are citizens of BitRepublic, one of many DVBNs, or decentralized borderless virtual nations, and it’s the platform you use to do things like pay for public transit, make doctor’s appointments, and of course, high school.  You open your ID app and begin to download your passport.  It’s a PDF with your photo (embarrassing) and your name and address.  Actually it looks just like the old paper passports your parents have shown you, except that instead of a some metallic foil or super tiny lines or whatever to guarantee it’s not fake – it just has a long string of numbers and digits.  You could never remember them all – they look completely random.  But they’re not.  They’re actually a cryptographic hash of your identifying information, which is stored on the BitRepublic blockchain.  

A cryptographic hash is a code generated from some data, and stored on the blockchain, which is basically like backing it up on a ton of different computers.  Because of the way the code is generated, if you were to change even one letter in your address or one pixel in your photo, it wouldn’t be the same.  If the code on your passport didn’t match the code on the blockchain, it would be obvious your passport were fake.  Of course, normally you don’t actually print off the passport and check it manually – there’s an app for that too – but today, you are seeing the feds.  The feds are kind of old fashioned. 
 
If you didn’t want so badly to visit Neelam, one of your best friends on tumblr, you would never bother.  But Neelam lives in the USA, one of the only countries that refuses to recognize DBVNs.  You’ve got to go get your old school government paperwork from the feds, or the British Government, in order to get into the USA.  You hope it doesn’t take too long . . . 
